Dawn Abriel: So it is March.
Dawn Abriel: 12 2020 this should be an intake for returning patient
Dawn Abriel: I just saw in group.
Dawn Abriel: Ashley Wiley.
Dawn Abriel: So she shouldn't be charged for today's group presence. She should be charged for my intake.
Dawn Abriel: I think I forgot to say that
Dawn Abriel: On the group.
Dawn Abriel: dictation.
Dawn Abriel: So Richard already open.
Dawn Abriel: When our intake.
Dawn Abriel: Let's see if I can
Dawn Abriel: I assume that everything's pretty much the same.
Dawn Abriel: Then let's go to, I want to make sure you don't have a plan for suicide. You're not thinking about killing yourself. You've got people you would call or go to if you started to have those feelings.
Dawn Abriel: Super. Okay, I just have to document that since it came up high, as a high risk when you filled out one of those surveys. So in your past medical history of the things I have or anxiety asthma.
Dawn Abriel: Some maternal grandmother polycystic kidney and severe headaches. Is it, is there anything else that I should add to that.
I think
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, no, I have that down. And so it's, you know, a big part of your problem is alcohol and and the opioids. So it's a dual diagnosis here.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, gotcha.
Dawn Abriel: So I already put in that you're you're having problems you have housing insecurity right now.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, that's a drag
Dawn Abriel: Wow.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, that's wonderful to hear that. See why FD did something beneficial that's
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You bet.
Dawn Abriel: So no surgeries since
Dawn Abriel: 2019
Dawn Abriel: Right, yeah. I have that one down.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I didn't have that one. Let me put that in there. I must have
Dawn Abriel: Again,
Dawn Abriel: That's pretty old to have them taken out. You must have been really miserable.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So let me go through the review of systems, you don't have any. This is a really long list. Remember, just stop me, but don't don't include any that are withdrawal symptoms.
Dawn Abriel: So, night sweats, fever, chills, cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot of eating the life
Dawn Abriel: Changing vision loss of vision, blurred vision, dental, vision, red eyes ringing in your ears ear drainage hearing loss difficulty hearing nasal congestion, or
Dawn Abriel: Bloody nose or lips are mouse or tongue lumps in your neck stiffness or pain, difficulty breathing cough or new shortness of breath, chest pain, irregular heartbeat. Can't breathe when you're lying down.
Dawn Abriel: Swelling in your ankles varicose veins diarrhea. Do you have constipation from the opioid use
Dawn Abriel: Yeah and that that will slowly get better as you as your lungs heal because from the math. It really does a number on your life.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, yeah, yeah. All of that just is very much of a stress okay i chest pain.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I said that already. Sorry peeing blood in your urine painful Payne game too much pain to little change in hair, skin or nail texture new moles itching.
Dawn Abriel: Muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps limp headaches vertigo lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination weakness difficulty speaking change in mood depression sadness interfering with function.
Dawn Abriel: But anxiety is a big issue for you isn't it.
Dawn Abriel: Mm hmm.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Sleep disturbance suicidal thoughts hopelessness seeing or hearing things that other people don't are easy bruising.
Dawn Abriel: And that's off without being on a drug.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that's, that's a little different but
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Sleep disturbance
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and on your medications. I have the Gabba Penton the buprenorphine nor can they say telegram. Are you still on the site Tila program. The Celexa
Dawn Abriel: Good. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, yeah. No, it's very good.
Dawn Abriel: And and the Clonidine, and I haven't ordered your medicine yet. I was going to do it right after we talked
Dawn Abriel: The
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I have to. Yeah, there was, there is always a prescription at the drugstore for nor can I it's there and they're 11 refills so
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Right. And what's your current weight.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And can you get your pulse while you're talking to me.
Dawn Abriel: That's okay. You just get it and I'll tell you when to start counting and you just say pulse pulse or beat beat. Okay, tell me when you get it.
Dawn Abriel: I'll tell you when to start counting right
Dawn Abriel: Three more seconds now.
Dawn Abriel: Stop. Okay, that that helps me a lot.
Dawn Abriel: And so I'm going to
Dawn Abriel: Say that you looked normal for your age well groomed well developed, you didn't have any yellow in your eyes and you were hearing normally no masses in your on your neck. You can swallow normally
Dawn Abriel: I didn't notice any distress and breathing during group. No.
Dawn Abriel: pulsing vessels in your neck.
Dawn Abriel: You can push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left, and there's no pain or masses or problems in there.
Dawn Abriel: Do you
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any tattoos.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, too.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and no swelling in your ankles, no obvious deformities or limitation of motion.
Dawn Abriel: You can you can press your finger to your thumb. You're in rapid succession like okay and yeah okay and that's normal.
Dawn Abriel: And I will say insight and self reflection is a pro create to encounter. All right.
Dawn Abriel: Then
Dawn Abriel: We will. So, you know, the whole thing about weekly group weekly therapy, the medicine will be by E prescribe
Dawn Abriel: You don't have to do the ace. Did you do a Bam. This morning before group.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, great. Okay super.
Dawn Abriel: You bet. Okay, so I think we can end this and
Dawn Abriel: It was really, I know I did recognize you. I just really hesitate to call somebody by a name when I didn't recognize the name because your last name was different. So I didn't want to
Dawn Abriel: Put my foot in my mouth and then one of your says you know who this is. And I didn't know who it is. But anyway, that's just a tiny little thing, but I did recognize you. So will love already your medicine right now and we'll see you next week. I'm glad you're here, real glad you're here.
Dawn Abriel: You bet.
Dawn Abriel: You bet. Have a good one.
Dawn Abriel: Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: So she could not be in I don't. I hope you got some of that. If not, I'm going to put it all in the chart there isn't a whole lot to do on this chart all the bubbles are already filled in and
Dawn Abriel: If you did catch anything that I did. You can look it over.
Dawn Abriel: But she couldn't get on to zoom all she had was her husband's phone and he had to go to work right away so
Dawn Abriel: Thank you very much.